Add set_guest_wifi_password description (#20915)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/fritz.markdown

| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `entity_id`            | no       | Only act on a specific  router                                                                                 |

#### Service `fritz.set_guest_wifi_password`

Set a new password for the guest wifi.
The password must be between 8 and 63 characters long.

> If no additional parameter is set, the password will be auto-generated with a length of 12 characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no password is given, it will be auto-generated.
```

| Service data attribute | Optional | Description                                                                                                    |
| ---------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `device_id`            | no       | Only act on a specific  router                                                                                 |
| `password`             | yes      | New password for the guest wifi                                                                                |

> | `length`               | yes      | Length of the new password. The password will be auto-generated, if no password is set.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `length`               | yes      | Length of the auto-generated password. (_default 12_)                        |
```
